Skip to main content  >
Learn more about HackerOne
Log in
Security page
Program guidelines
Scope and Rewards
Hacktivity
Thanks
Updates
Collaborators
Safe harbor
Introduction
Wolt provides a platform for:
Businesses to sell products (like food, clothing and even electronics).
Customers to purchase such products and get them delivered by Wolt courier partners.
Wolt courier partners to receive and manage delivery requests.
With more than 30 million registered users and we operate in 20+ countries, we look forward to working with the security community to find vulnerabilities and keep our businesses and customers safe. Read more about us: wolt.com/about. Happy hacking!
Program highlights
Gold Standard Safe Harbor
Adheres to Gold Standard Safe Harbor. 
Platform Standards
Fully compliant with Platform Standards. 
Top Response Efficiency
This program's response efficiency is above 90%. 
Managed by HackerOne
Collaboration Enabled
Includes Retesting
1 day, 1 hour
Average time to first response
1 day, 12 hours
Average time to triage
2 days, 5 hours
Average time to bounty
3 days, 17 hours
Average time from submission to bounty
N/A
Average time to resolution
Scope exclusions
Core Ineligible Findings are out of scope. 
Learn more 
Overview
Last updated on July 30, 2026. View changes 
Disclosure Policy
Please, follow HackerOne's disclosure guidelines.
Program Rules
Please provide detailed reports with reproducible steps. If the report is not detailed enough to reproduce the issue, the issue will not be eligible for a reward.
Submit one vulnerability per report unless you need to chain vulnerabilities to provide impact.
When duplicates occur, we only award the first report that was received (provided that it can be fully reproduced).
Multiple vulnerabilities caused by one underlying issue will be awarded one bounty.
Employees and contractors of the organization are not eligible to participate in this program.
⛔ Don't use or interact with accounts or data you don't own, including but not limited to restaurants/venues and merchant data.
⛔ Use only your own accounts and data for testing purposes.
Testing Plan
Users are able to sign up for a free account through our website
Please use your hacker email alias when testing (h1username@wearehackerone.com)
Claim credentials (when applicable) for additional testing
Add the following headers to requests: X-HackerOne-Research: [H1 username]. Reports resulting in testing without headers can result in the forfeiture of the eligible bounty.
Please, keep report brief and concise. 300-400 words per report is a good limit.
Test entities
If you need to test any sort of access to user data, please do it only against this specific consumer test account, whose user_id is 670fa3e9ead6e49d65cc3614.
If you need to test any sort of access to restaurant or venue data, please do it only against this specific venue test account, whose venue_id is 670e7897e3c56dcc5b5a0989.
If you need to test any sort of venue-related functionality, please do it only against this test venue (real purchase is not available): https://wolt.com/en/fin/helsinki/venue/test-670e7897e3c56dcc5b5a0989-sh0p
Where can we get credentials?
We have several user types:
Customer account. You can self-register using wolt.com, the iOS app, or the Android app.
Courier account. Not available at the moment.
Merchants or business account. Not available at the moment.
Out of scope
Multiple leaked human identity credentials originating from third-party datasets (leaked credential lists, databases, monitoring services and credential marketplaces)
Testing the payment processors is out of scope
Spam, social engineering and physical intrusion
There are humans behind every Customer Support chat. Any interaction with Customer Support staff, including social engineering attempts, is forbidden and out of scope
Network DoS/DDoS attacks
Web Cache Poisoned Denial of Service
Brute force attacks
Attacks requiring access to a victim's computer/device
Reports that state that software is out of date/vulnerable without a proof-of-concept
Mass creating of entities, including accounts, profiles and applications
GATEKEEPER_API_KEY exposure since it is not a secret value
Web
API key disclosure without proven business impact
Signup with unverified mobile numbers (if you took over an existing number, then that's a finding!)
Verbose messages/files/directory listings without disclosing any sensitive information
CORS misconfiguration without proven impact
Missing cookie flags
Missing security headers
Cross-site Request Forgery without proven impact
Autocomplete on web forms
Bypassing rate-limits or the non-existence of rate-limits
Best practices violations (password complexity, expiration, re-use, etc.)
Clickjacking without proven impact/unrealistic user interaction
CSV Injection
Sessions not being invalidated (logout, enabling 2FA, etc.)
Content injection without being able to modify the HTML
Username/email enumeration
Email bombing
HTTP Request smuggling without any proven impact
Homograph attacks
Banner grabbing/Version disclosure
Subdomain takeover without proof
Arbitrary file upload without proof
Host header injection without proven business impact
Mobile
Shared links leaked through the system clipboard
Attacks requiring malicious apps to be installed beforehand
Sensitive data in URLs/request bodies when protected by TLS
Lack of obfuscation
Path disclosure in the binary
Lack of jailbreak & root detection
Crashes due to malformed URL Schemes
Lack of binary protection (anti-debugging) controls, mobile SSL pinning
Snapshot/Pasteboard leakage
Runtime hacking exploits (exploits only possible in a jailbroken environment)
Legacy Hall of Fame
We appreciate reports received by the following researchers previously on the Intigriti platform: 0xcm1k3, 0xd0m7, 0xdln, _lauritz_, agnel123, altcool6, amirsec76, anhdva, anonymoushobbit, apogiatzis, athulms, badmusmuritado, baloocky, black_dd, bughuntar, bunny0417, callmedaddy, chrismas_here, commadno6407, crofr, cybersamurai, d0xing, deneuv, dk4trin, drak3hft7, drdoctor0, dynnyd20, floerer, giongfnef26, godiego, goseck, greenfire, greensec, gug_saas, h4rshbothra, harshtalavaniya99, hashem_mm, hetroublemak3r, ja, juniorbrets, k_link_1337, kir_tis, kurt4j, liikala96, ling0, lucsouza, m0chan, maara, makaveli, mariosk, marius_dp, mherano, mikemyers, mysc0x1, nc5, nd_passenger, neolokir, ninjan11, noman181, notroks, notron, nva, oxidor, phiko, pod_krinko1, pprab, pushpak35, pwnedchicken, qwe_aldo1, rahimian, redyetidev, richlee, rjflsec, s3c_krd, s3nn, saintbarber, sanfindings, sezo, sheikhrishad, six2dez, slashx0x, soloboy, steffe, talha, testt0, th3ho4ds, thaivd98, the14st, themastersunil, theokeen, thezodd, valbrux, vkiee, wcraft, whitehatind, xburns, yotamsofer, youngvanda, yuzadef, zere, bricked, rev1th
Thank you for helping keep Wolt and our users safe!
Top hackers
See all hackers 
1
noddyn12
Reputation: 17
Wolt
https://wolt.com
Bounty launched in Jul 2026
Response efficiency: 100%
Submit without Report Assistant
Stats
Total bounties paid	<$10,000
Average bounty	-
Top bounty	$2,500
Bounties paid | 90 days	$1 - $5,000
Reports received | 90 days	473
Last report resolved	-
Reports resolved	0
Hackers thanked	1
Assets In Scope	12
© HackerOne
Opportunities
Security
Leaderboard
Blog
Status
Docs
Support
Disclosure Guidelines
Press
Privacy
Terms